* Home

Why Redmi Note 5 will quickly become your favorite smartphone camera

Mar 16, 2018
by Xiaomi Team

Today we launched Redmi Note 5 in China, the counterpart of Redmi Note 5 Pro that recently launched in India. Not only is Redmi Note 5 China’s first smartphone to incorporate the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 processor, but the device also stands out for its stellar camera. Featuring a dual camera setup, a large 1.4μm-pixel sensor, 2PD (dual photodiode) autofocus, AI camera features and an LED Selfie light for its front camera, Redmi Note 5 is a powerful device that takes amazing photos anywhere, at any time.


Whether you’re a social media maven, casual creator, or professional photographer, here are a few reasons why Redmi Note 5 will quickly become your favorite smartphone camera.


12MP+5MP rear dual camera setup


Redmi Note 5 sports a 12MP+5MP rear dual camera, in which the 12MP serves as the primary sensor, while the 5MP secondary rear camera is used for capturing depth. Together, they create a more convincing bokeh effect.


Large pixel size for high quality images, even in low light conditions


It’s widely known that more pixels make for a better photo – but many people don’t realize pixel size also has an effect on image quality. Larger pixels capture more light, especially in low light conditions, yielding higher ISO performance, less noise, better image quality and more room to maneuver.


The 12MP sensor on Redmi Note 5 features large 1.4μm pixels – a standout feature for better camera performance that’s only available on a handful of flagship smartphones.


Dual Photodiode or 2PD for faster autofocus


For the first time, the dual photodiode or 2PD — a technology commonly seen in professional dSLR cameras, is integrated on a Xiaomi smartphone. This significantly improves the speed and accuracy of autofocus on Redmi Note 5, reducing the risk of the subject being out of focus, especially in low light conditions.


A photodiode is a semiconductor fitted into each pixel of the sensor for detecting and receiving light. 2PD means that every single pixel on the camera sensor of the 12MP prime is split into two photodiodes — 24 million in total for phase detection.


Redmi Note 5 combines 2PD and a large 1.4μm-pixel sensor to produce high quality photos with less noise and vivid colors. Its large 1.4μm-pixel sensor collects more light so you can speed up the shutter, while the 2PD system identifies the subject quickly and accurately. For example, when taking indoor photos of children playing, you need fast shutter speed and reliable autofocus to catch those magical moments.


Better selfies regardless of light


To further enhance the photography experience, Redmi Note 5 also sports a 13MP front sensor with our Beautify 4.0 AI algorithm and front Selfie-light, allowing users to take better selfies than ever before – even in low-light conditions. This also marks the first time a Redmi phone has AI portrait features.


The specifications are slightly different from Redmi Note 5 Pro in India, which has a 1.25μm rear primary sensor. The reason being that the Indian version has a powerful 20MP front camera developed especially for Mi Fans in India.


We’re excited to introduce this new phone as we continue to break down barriers in what is expected for a smartphone starting from RMB 1099.

Tags: Photography, Smartphones

An inside look at Xiaomi India

Xiaomi is now the No.1 smartphone brand in India.
Nov 17, 2017
Manu Kumar Jain

[News] CK Hutchison and Xiaomi form Global Strategic Alliance

Will accelerate Xiaomi’s international expansion.
May 03, 2018
Xiaomi Team
Newer Posts
Older Posts

Recent Posts

  * Xiaomi announces dual core five-year strategy of Smartphone & AIoT
  * [News] Redmi now an independent brand
  * [News] Xiaomi announces two new large screen smart TVs and marks entry into home audio with Mi Soundbar
  * [News] Xiaomi Buys Stake in TCL Home Appliance Business Gains Supply Chain Advantages

Tags

AI Art Business model Camera Cloud Consumer products Craftsmanship Design Designers Dual-camera setup efficiency Engineers Full screen display Gallery Globalization Glossary Google India Indonesia Internet services IoT Laptop Lei Jun Lifestyle Localization Mi Ecosystem Mi Fans MIUI MIUI themes Mobility News Ninebot Oculus Partnership Personal mobility Photography POCOPHONE Qualcomm Smartphones Smart toys Smart TV sub-brand Technology VR Xiaomi Kiosks

A cool company needs cool engineers

https://youtu.be/Qwj9XTsyPvc?loop=0

Ninebot Plus and our future mobility

https://youtu.be/k41t_Lxo0Qo?loop=0

We offer smartphones, and toothbrushes

https://youtu.be/3hIxfGoNuLg?loop=0

【Gallery】Two facets: technology and art

March 2018
M     T  W     T  F  S  S 
« Feb    Apr »
      1  2     3  4 
5     6  7     8  9  10 11
12    13 14    15 16 17 18
19    20 21    22 23 24 25
26    27 28    29 30 31   
Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved.